Enhancements to Adopters.md (#6060)
StackStorm/st2: ADOPTERS.md

# Who uses StackStorm?

> As the StackStorm Community evolve, we'd like to keep track of our users. Please send a PR with your organization and a brief use case description below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the StackStorm Community evolves, we'd like to keep track of our users. Please submit a PR with your organization and a brief use case description below.
```

Reviewer: Added a suggested rewording

Author: Thanks!
